TM: Update title expresssions - variables (#5766)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/expression.rst

   "is_layer_visible", "Returns true if a specified layer is visible"
   "layer_property", "Returns a property of a layer or a value of its metadata.
   It can be layer name, crs, geometry type, feature count..."
   "var", "Returns the value stored within a specified variable. See :ref:`expression_variables` below"
   "with_variable", "Creates and sets a variable for any expression code that
   will be provided as a third argument. Useful to avoid repetition in expressions
   where the same value needs to be used more than once."

.. _geometry_functions:

> Geometry Functions and Variables

Reviewer: The group is called "geometry" in the GUI, nothing related to variables.
This makes things confusing IMO

--------------------------------

> This group contains functions and variables (prefixed with a '$') that

Reviewer: I'm not sure the '$' functions should be considered "variables". These are functions that return properties of the features themselves; Not sure they fall in what QGIS calls variables, ie the ones that begin with '@'. And most of the time, if I'm not wrong, a variable can be overridden in a lower level than where it's defined. Not sure these properties can.

Author: OK. I thought that the $ prefix indicated that these were variables (as in PHP). I will fix.

   "is_layer_visible", "Returns true if a specified layer is visible"
   "layer_property", "Returns a property of a layer or a value of its metadata.
   It can be layer name, crs, geometry type, feature count..."

>    "var", "Returns the value stored within a specified variable. See *variables* below"

Reviewer: Better use a ref here instead
```suggestion
   "var", "Returns the value stored within a specified variable. See :ref:`variables_functions`"
```

Author: Funny you should suggest this. I have already fixed it (and also change the anchor/label name).

.. _record_attributes:

Record and Attributes
---------------------

> This group contains functions and variables (prefixed with a '$') that operate on record identifiers.

Reviewer: ditto
